---
layout: post
title:  "Resume"
date:   2022-09-05 19:32:17 +0530
---

Jishnu C K   
Email : jishnuck26@gmail.com   
LinkedIn : [jishnuck][linkedin]   
Mobile : 8848504060  

- <b>Education</b>:  

  National Institute of Technology(NIT), Karnataka Surathkal, Karnataka.  
  B.Tech in Electrical and Electronics Engineering.  
  CGPA: 7.14.  

- <b>Experience:</b>  

    Synopsys India Pvt. Ltd. Bengaluru ,Karnataka
    R and D Engineer I Feb 2021 - Present
 

      - Web Application using Django: Implemented a scalable web application from scratch to dynamically keep
      track of performance metrics of successive software versions using the Django Web Framework and Python. Used
      HTML,CSS,Javascript to create an easy to use interface and made use of a PostgreSQL Database.  

      - Automated Job submission and Log Parser: Built a distributed Job Submission system to trigger daily and
      weekly regression runs. It employs a multi-threaded approach to track the runs to completion. On successful
      completion, the logs of the individual runs are parsed and data collected is stored to a PostgreSQL DB.  

      - Auto-Triangulation System: Built a distributed Triangulation system to  nd out software changes which caused
      performance degradation between two successive Software versions and also connected it to a Web interface to
      create flags for the identifed culprit changes.Used the multiprocessing module in Python to achieve parallelism.  



   Robert Bosch Engineering and Business Solutions Bengaluru, Karnataka.    
   Software Test Engineer Sep 2018 - Feb 2021  

      - GNSS Test Automation: Implemented a complete automated setup to test the GNSS module of an embedded
      Telematics system using Python, in turn saving 60 percent Tester time.  

      - Jenkins Automation Framework: Implemented a Jenkins workflow so that entire SW life cycle from
      integration to Testing of software is automated, saving 100 percent testing time.  

      - GUI application using Tkinter and Matplotlib: Implemented a GUI application to plot the real time CPU
      usage and Power consumption of an embedded system.  



- <b>Tech Stack</b>:

  - Languages:
    - Advanced:Python.  
    - Intermediate:SQL,C,C++,CSS,HTML,Shell scripting.  
    - Beginner: JavaScript,Assembly.  

  - Python libraries:
     - PyTorch, Tensorflow, Pandas,scikit-learn,Selenium.  

  - Databases:
     - PostgreSQL   

  - Tools:
     - Jenkins,Perforce,JIRA,Git.  

  - Web Technologies:
     - Django    

- <b>Projects</b>:  
        Self Supervised Learning for Visual Representation: Used Vision Transformer based architecture for classification
        task on CIFAR10, imbalanced CIFAR10 and Flowers data sets. Compared the performance on three different models i.e
        MocoV3, DINO and Masked Auto-encoder(MAE).  

- <b>Achievements</b>:  
        - Recognition: Received Quarterly Award at India Team level at Synopsys.  
        - Recognition: Got Multiple Awards at Group level for Test Automation and Issue reproduction in Robert Bosch.  
        - 1st position: National Quiz competition conducted by SAIL,India and Readers's Digest.  

- <b>Certifications</b>:  
        PG Level Certificate for the Advanced Programme in Deep Learning Foundations and Applications
        (IISC, Bangalore): An year long program covering Deep Learning Concepts and Applications. Received Grade "A".  


[linkedin]:https://www.linkedin.com/in/jishnuck/ 
